Update Blazor .NET Standard content (#18868)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/index.md

## Code sharing and .NET Standard

> Blazor implements [.NET Standard 2.1](/dotnet/standard/net-standard) or later. .NET Standard is a formal specification of .NET APIs that are common across .NET implementations. .NET Standard class libraries can be shared across different .NET platforms, such as Blazor, .NET Framework, .NET Core, Xamarin, Mono, and Unity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blazor implements [.NET Standard 2.1](/dotnet/standard/net-standard). This enables Blazor projects to reference libraries which conform to the .NET Standard 2.1 or earlier specification. .NET Standard is a formal specification of .NET APIs that are common across .NET implementations. .NET Standard class libraries can be shared across different .NET platforms, such as Blazor, .NET Framework, .NET Core, Xamarin, Mono, and Unity.
```
